Questions:

1. Briefly describe possible quality standards that might be used for these real world products:
    a. Mobile games app - Usability, Reliability, Learnability, Speed to run 
    b. Banking Application - Safety, Security, Reliability, Robustness, Learnability
    c. Database for a medical organisation - Robustness, Complexity, Usability, Reliability

2. Explain why a high quality software process should lead to a high-quality software products. 
    Discuss possible problems with this system of quality management 
    - High quality software processes should, in essence prevent rushed, sub-standard code due to a system 
    of robust testing and code reviews and have multiple people checking over code and planning. 
    You'd assume that with increased processes, equals increased stability and robustness in code.
    The problems with this system arises when in a smaller company with less developers or start-ups in need of agility.
    The testing, planning, teams of QM all takes money and a lot more time. IT's mostly useful when a company is focussed on stability rather than quick growth. 

3. Explain why program inspectors are an effective technique for discovering errors in a program. 
    What types of errors are unlikely to be discovered through inspections?
    - Often programmers can become 'code blind', which means you read what you think it should say rather than actually reading the code. 
    Often it's really useful to get a fresh pair of eyes on code, that haven't seen the code before. 
    As they know nothing about the code they can validate the ease of code, understandability of documentation and code as well as errors.
    Logical errors are unlikely to be discovered through inspections - they are just looking at the running of the code and with these errors the code runs and compiles ok.


4. Why is it dificult to validate the relatinships between the internal product attributes and the external attributes?
    - This is because they are subjective. External Quality Attributes can have multiple internal attributes to measure and the weight of these will be subjective too. 
    - They are often highly qualitative so creating proxy quantitative measurements is difficult and can be unreliable.